Reworked proposal to meet ABI specifications (#6)
Supercolony-net/PSPs: PSPs/psp-22.md

## Summary

> A standard fungible token interface for WASM contracts Fungible Tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A standard fungible token interface for WASM contracts.
```

## Summary

> A standard interface for WASM contracts Fungible Tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A standard fungible token interface for WASM contracts.
```

This proposal aims to define the standard fungible token in WASM smart contracts, just like [EIP-20](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/edit/master/EIPS/eip-20.md) for Ethereum ecosystem.

## Importance
Currently, while there is no standard, every contract will have different signature. Thus, no interoperability is possible. This proposal aims to resolve that by having one **interface** that shares the
same **ABI** between all implementations.

## Implementation

> Example of Ink! implementation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of ink! implementation:
```

- [OpenBrush](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/main/contracts/token/psp20/traits.rs)

## Motivation
A standard interface allows any tokens on Polkadot/Kusama to be re-used by other applications: from wallets to decentralized exchanges.

## Motivation for having a standard separate from ERC20

> Due to different nature of WASM smart contracts and the difference between EVM and pallet-contract in substrate, the standard should have specific rules and methods,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to different nature of WASM smart contracts and the difference between EVM and `pallet-contracts` in substrate, the standard should have specific rules and methods,
```

therefore PSP-22 differs from ERC-20 in its implementation.

> Also, this standard proposal defines an extensive method list in the(interface. Unlike ERC20, it includes `increase_allowance` & `decrease_allowance`, and defines metadata fields as part of a separate interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, this standard proposal defines an extensive method list in the interface. Unlike ERC20, it includes `increase_allowance` & `decrease_allowance`, and defines metadata fields as part of a separate interface.
```

> Another difference is that it has `PSP22Receiver` interface, and `on_received` method is called at the end of transfer if the recipient is a contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another difference is that it has `PSP22Receiver` interface, and `before_received` method is called before transfer if the recipient is a contract.
```

# This standard is at ABI level

> As contract-pallet in Substrate can execute any WASM contracts, we should not restrain this standard to only Rust & Ink! Framework.
> So that it can be use by any language/framework that compile to WASM.
> The full ABI JSON for interface and events can be found at the top down of this proposal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As `pallet-contracts` in Substrate can execute any WASM contracts, we should not restrain this standard to only Rust & ink!, so that it can be used by any language/framework that compiles to WASM.
The full ABI JSON for interface and events can be found below.
```

        ],
        "type": "AccountId"
      }
    },
    {
      "name": "spender",
      "type": {
        "displayName": [
          "AccountId"
        ],
        "type": "AccountId"
      }
    }
  ],
  "docs": [
    " Returns the amount which `spender` is still allowed to withdraw from `owner`.",
    "",
    " Returns `0` if no allowance has been set `0`."
  ],
  "mutates": false,
  "name": [
    "PSP22",
    "allowance"
  ],
  "payable": false,
  "returnType": {
    "displayName": [
      "Balance"
    ],
    "type": "Balance"
  },
  "selector": "0x467e8bff"
}
```

##### **transfer**(to: AccountId, value: Balance, data: Vec<u8>)
```json
{
  "args": [
    {
      "name": "to",
      "type": {
        "displayName": [
          "AccountId"
        ],
        "type": "AccountId"
      }
    },
    {
      "name": "value",
      "type": {
        "displayName": [
          "Balance"
        ],
        "type": "Balance"
      }
    },
    {
      "name": "data",
      "type": {
        "displayName": [
          "Vec"
        ],
        "type": "Vec<u8>"
      }
    }
  ],
  "docs": [
    " Transfers `value` amount of tokens from the caller's account to account `to`",

>     " with additional `data` in unspecified format..",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    " with additional `data` in unspecified format.",
```

    "",
    " On success a `Transfer` event is emitted.",
    "",
    " # Errors",
    "",
    " Panics with message `InsufficientBalance` if there are not enough tokens on",
    " the caller's account Balance.",
    "",
    " Panics with message `ZeroSenderAddress` if sender's address is zero.",
    "",

>     " Panics with message `ZeroRecipientAddress` if recipient's address is zero."

Reviewer: remember the comments on panics? maybe we should adapt this as @athei said. like "Returns with REVERT flag with `InsufficientBalance` encoded in the buffer."

    },
    {
      "name": "to",
      "type": {
        "displayName": [
          "AccountId"
        ],
        "type": "AccountId"
      }
    },
    {
      "name": "value",
      "type": {
        "displayName": [
          "Balance"
        ],
        "type": "Balance"
      }
    },
    {
      "name": "data",
      "type": {
        "displayName": [
          "Vec"
        ],
        "type": "Vec<u8>"
      }
    }
  ],
  "docs": [
    " Transfers `value` tokens on the behalf of `from` to the account `to`",
    " with additional `data` in unspecified format.",
    "",
    " This can be used to allow a contract to transfer tokens on ones behalf and/or",
    " to charge fees in sub-currencies, for example.",
    "",
    " On success a `Transfer` and `Approval` events are emitted.",
    "",
    " # Errors",
    "",
    " Panics with message `InsufficientAllowance` if there are not enough tokens allowed",
    " for the caller to withdraw from `from`.",
    "",
    " Panics with message `InsufficientBalance` if there are not enough tokens on",
    " the the account Balance of `from`.",
    "",
    " Panics with message `ZeroSenderAddress` if sender's address is zero.",
    "",

>     " Panics with message `ZeroRecipientAddress` if recipient's address is zero."

Reviewer: same here: returns with REVERT flag blablabla

  ],
  "mutates": true,
  "name": [
    "PSP22",
    "transfer_from"
  ],
  "payable": false,
  "returnType": null,
  "selector": "0x9eb3870e"
}
```

##### **approve**(spender: AccountId, value: Balance)
```json
{
  "args": [
    {
      "name": "spender",
      "type": {
        "displayName": [
          "AccountId"
        ],
        "type": "AccountId"
      }
    },
    {
      "name": "value",
      "type": {
        "displayName": [
          "Balance"
        ],
        "type": "Balance"
      }
    }
  ],
  "docs": [
    " Allows `spender` to withdraw from the caller's account multiple times, up to",
    " the `value` amount.",
    "",
    " If this function is called again it overwrites the current allowance with `value`.",
    "",
    " An `Approval` event is emitted.",
    "",
    " # Errors",
    "",
    " Panics with message `ZeroSenderAddress` if sender's address is zero.",
    "",

>     " Panics with message `ZeroRecipientAddress` if recipient's address is zero."

Reviewer: returns .....

  ],
  "mutates": true,
  "name": [
    "PSP22",
    "approve"
  ],
  "payable": false,
  "returnType": null,
  "selector": "0xf229fa2f"
}

```

##### **increase_allowance**(spender: AccountId, delta_value: Balance)
```json
{
  "args": [
    {
      "name": "spender",
      "type": {
        "displayName": [
          "AccountId"
        ],
        "type": "AccountId"
      }
    },
    {
      "name": "delta_value",
      "type": {
        "displayName": [
          "Balance"
        ],
        "type": "Balance"
      }
    }
  ],
  "docs": [
    " Atomically increases the allowance granted to `spender` by the caller.",
    "",
    " An `Approval` event is emitted.",
    "",
    " # Errors",
    "",
    " Panics with message `ZeroSenderAddress` if sender's address is zero.",
    "",
    " Panics with message `ZeroRecipientAddress` if recipient's address is zero."

>   ],

Reviewer: returns .......

  "mutates": true,
  "name": [
    "PSP22",
    "increase_allowance"
  ],
  "payable": false,
  "returnType": null,
  "selector": "0xf43f7266"
}
```

##### **decrease_allowance**(spender: AccountId, delta_value: Balance)
```json
{
  "args": [
    {
      "name": "spender",
      "type": {
        "displayName": [
          "AccountId"
        ],
        "type": "AccountId"
      }
    },
    {
      "name": "delta_value",
      "type": {
        "displayName": [
          "Balance"
        ],
        "type": "Balance"
      }
    }
  ],
  "docs": [
    " Atomically decreases the allowance granted to `spender` by the caller.",
    "",
    " An `Approval` event is emitted.",
    "",
    " # Errors",
    "",
    " Panics with message `InsufficientAllowance` if there are not enough tokens allowed",
    " by owner for `spender`.",
    "",
    " Panics with message `ZeroSenderAddress` if sender's address is zero.",
    "",

>     " Panics with message `ZeroRecipientAddress` if recipient's address is zero."

Reviewer: returns ......

  ],
  "mutates": true,
  "name": [
    "PSP22",
    "decrease_allowance"
  ],
  "payable": false,
  "returnType": null,
  "selector": "0x1f86d882"
}
```

#### PSP22Metadata 
PSP22Metadata is an optional interface of metadata for Fungible Token Standard

##### **token_name**() -> Option<String>
```json
{
  "args": [],
  "docs": [
    " Returns the token name."
  ],
  "mutates": false,
  "name": [
    "PSP22Metadata",
    "token_name"
  ],
  "payable": false,
  "returnType": {
    "displayName": [
      "Option"
    ],

>     "type": "Option<str>"

Reviewer: are we sure it's `str`?

  },
  "selector": "0x9c994fe4"
}
```

##### **token_symbol**() -> Option<String>
```json
{
  "args": [],
  "docs": [
    " Returns the token symbol."
  ],
  "mutates": false,
  "name": [
    "PSP22Metadata",
    "token_symbol"
  ],
  "payable": false,
  "returnType": {
    "displayName": [
      "Option"
    ],

>     "type": "Option<str>"

Reviewer: same here: sure it's `str`?

  },
  "selector": "0x10972330"
}
```

##### **token_decimals**() -> u8
```json
{
  "args": [],
  "docs": [
    " Returns the token decimals."
  ],
  "mutates": false,
  "name": [
    "PSP22Metadata",
    "token_decimals"
  ],
  "payable": false,
  "returnType": {
    "displayName": [
      "u8"
    ],
    "type": "u8"
  },
  "selector": "0x997ad16c"
}
```

#### PSP22Receiver
PSP22Receiver is an interface for any contract that wants to support safe transfers from PSP22 token smart contracts to avoid unexpected tokens on balance of contract.

> This method is called before transfer to ensure the recipient of the tokens acknowledge receipt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method is called before transfer to ensure the recipient of the tokens acknowledges receipt.
```

##### **before_received**(&mut self, operator: AccountId, from: AccountId, value: Balance, data: Vec<u8>) -> Result<(), PSP22ReceiverError>
```json
{
  "args": [
    {
      "name": "operator",
      "type": {
        "displayName": [
          "AccountId"
        ],
        "type": "AccountId"
      }
    },
    {
      "name": "from",
      "type": {
        "displayName": [
          "AccountId"
        ],
        "type": "AccountId"
      }
    },
    {
      "name": "value",
      "type": {
        "displayName": [
          "Balance"
        ],
        "type": "Balance"
      }
    },
    {
      "name": "data",
      "type": {
        "displayName": [
          "Vec"
        ],
        "type": "Vec<u8>"
      }
    }
  ],
  "docs": [

>     " Ensure that the smart contract allow reception of PSP22 token.",
>     " Returns `Ok(())` if the contract allow the reception of the token(s) and Error `TransferRejected(String))` otherwise.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    " Ensures that the smart contract allows reception of PSP22 tokens.",
    " Returns `Ok(())` if the contract allows the reception of the token(s) and Error `TransferRejected(String))` otherwise.",
```
